content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "PhD Student"
  company = "University of York, Department of Psychology & York Neuroimaging Centre"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/postgrads/trga500/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2015-01-10"
  date_end = "2020-01-02"
  description = """
  Designed, implemented and analysed three major research projects while collaborating in others:
  
  * Hemispheric differences in connectivity of semantic cognition regions
  * Relationship between domain-general inhibition and semantic control
  * Lateralisation patterns in semantic cognition in anterior temporal lobe

  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Statistics Tutor and consultant"
  company = "University of York, Maths SKills Centre and Academic Support Office"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/students/studying/skills/maths-skills-centre/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2018-01-08"
  date_end = "2019-01-08"
  description = """Served as tutor in statistics to undergraduate, masters and PhD students in University of York's Maths Skills Centre. Designed, implemented and interpreted statistical analyses of student experience surveys (n > 2000) over a period of two years to help guide decisions in education"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Graduate Teaching Assistant"
  company = "University of York, Department of Psychology & York Neuroimaging Centre"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/students/studying/skills/maths-skills-centre/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2016-10-01"
  date_end = "2019-01-27"
  description = """Delivered tutorials and provided support with teaching in research methods, brain & behaviour, perception & cogntion  and language & development in the undergraduate Psychology Programme. Provided support with teaching Programming in Neuroimaging (Python) for the masters programme in York Neuroimaging Centre. Supervised and provided feedback for new Graduate Teaching Assistants. """

[[experience]]
  title = "Research Fellow"
  company = "Universidad Anahuac Mayab, Escuela de Psicologia"
  company_url = "https://www.anahuacmayab.mx/psicologia/"
  location = "Merida, Yucatan. Mexico."
  date_start = "2009-01-08"
  date_end = "2015-01-02"
  description = """
  Secured Funding, designed, implemented and analysed three major research projects in cognitive and clinical neuropsychology:
  
  * Psychometric properties of dichotic listening in determining laterality of speech dominance
  * Neuropsychologic deficits in morbid chronic obesity
  * Hemispheric differences in semantic priming through divided visual fields

  Supervised 17 undergraduate students' research as principal investigator. Helped consolidate a collegiate body in Health science with researchers in the schools of Medicine and Nutrition Science. Organised national symposia and conferences in Neuropsychology. Helped start the Mexican Journal of Neuropsychology in collaboration with the Mexican Association of Neuropsychology.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Associate Lecturer"
  company = "Universidad Anahuac Mayab (Escuela de Psicologia) and Red de Universidades Anahuac"
  company_url = "https://www.anahuac.mx/"
  location = "Merida, Yucatan. Mexico."
  date_start = "2009-01-08"
  date_end = "2015-01-02"
  description = """
  Designed, lectured, assessed and tutored 17 undergraduate and postgraduate courses in research methods, statistics, experimental psychology, clinical and cognitive neuropsychology, cognitive psychology and language development and disorders. These courses were mainly delivered in the schools of Psychology and Medicine in Anahuac Mayab (Yucatan), and as visiting lecturer in Universidad Marista (Yucatan), Facultad de Psicologia UNAM, Universidad Anahuac Mexico Sur and Universidad Latina (Mexico City). A comprehensive list of teaching can be consulted [here]("files/teaching.pdf")
  """

# TO DO FIX LINK IN TEACHING
+++

Commit message:

Changed menu order, updated experience, link fix

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "PhD Student"
  company = "University of York, Department of Psychology & York Neuroimaging Centre"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/postgrads/trga500/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2015-01-10"
  date_end = "2020-01-02"
  description = """
  Designed, implemented and analysed three major research projects while collaborating in others:
  
  * Hemispheric differences in connectivity of semantic cognition regions
  * Relationship between domain-general inhibition and semantic control
  * Lateralisation patterns in semantic cognition in anterior temporal lobe

  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Statistics Tutor and consultant"
  company = "University of York, Maths SKills Centre and Academic Support Office"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/students/studying/skills/maths-skills-centre/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2018-01-08"
  date_end = "2019-01-08"
  description = """Served as tutor in statistics to undergraduate, masters and PhD students in University of York's Maths Skills Centre. Designed, implemented and interpreted statistical analyses of student experience surveys (n > 2000) over a period of two years to help guide decisions in education"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Graduate Teaching Assistant"
  company = "University of York, Department of Psychology & York Neuroimaging Centre"
  company_url = "https://www.york.ac.uk/students/studying/skills/maths-skills-centre/"
  location = "York, UK"
  date_start = "2016-10-01"
  date_end = "2019-01-27"
  description = """Delivered tutorials and provided support with teaching in research methods, brain & behaviour, perception & cogntion  and language & development in the undergraduate Psychology Programme. Provided support with teaching Programming in Neuroimaging (Python) for the masters programme in York Neuroimaging Centre. Supervised and provided feedback for new Graduate Teaching Assistants. """

[[experience]]
  title = "Research Fellow"
  company = "Universidad Anahuac Mayab, Escuela de Psicologia"
  company_url = "https://www.anahuacmayab.mx/psicologia/"
  location = "Merida, Yucatan. Mexico."
  date_start = "2009-01-08"
  date_end = "2015-01-02"
  description = """
  Secured Funding, designed, implemented and analysed three major research projects in cognitive and clinical neuropsychology:
  
  * Psychometric properties of dichotic listening in determining laterality of speech dominance
  * Neuropsychologic deficits in morbid chronic obesity
  * Hemispheric differences in semantic priming through divided visual fields

  Supervised 17 undergraduate students' research as principal investigator. Helped consolidate a collegiate body in Health science with researchers in the schools of Medicine and Nutrition Science. Organised national symposia and conferences in Neuropsychology. Helped start the Mexican Journal of Neuropsychology in collaboration with the Mexican Association of Neuropsychology.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Associate Lecturer"
  company = "Universidad Anahuac Mayab (Escuela de Psicologia) and Red de Universidades Anahuac"
  company_url = "https://www.anahuac.mx/"
  location = "Merida, Yucatan. Mexico."
  date_start = "2009-01-08"
  date_end = "2015-01-02"
  description = """
  Designed, lectured, assessed and tutored 17 undergraduate and postgraduate courses in research methods, statistics, experimental psychology, clinical and cognitive neuropsychology, cognitive psychology and language development and disorders. These courses were mainly delivered in the schools of Psychology and Medicine in Anahuac Mayab (Yucatan), and as visiting lecturer in Universidad Marista (Yucatan), Facultad de Psicologia UNAM, Universidad Anahuac Mexico Sur and Universidad Latina (Mexico City). A comprehensive list of teaching can be consulted [here](files/teaching.pdf)
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Clinical Neuropsychologist"
  company = """
  Instituto Nacional de Neurologia y Neurocirugia 'Manuel Velasco Suarez'
  Hospital General de Mexico
  Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica (Havana, Cuba)
  Anahuac Mayab Teaching Hospital
  Private practise
  """
  company_url = "https://www.gob.mx/salud/innn"
  location = "Mexico City and Havana, Cuba"
  date_start = "2006-01-08"
  date_end = "2014-01-02"
  description = """
  Performed clinical neuropsychological assessment as intern and resident in Instituto Nacional de Neurologia y Neurocirugia under the supervision of Alma Rosa Martinez, working with epilepsy patients (especially in the context of language assessment and temporal lobectomies) and in Hospital General de Mexico under David Trejo, performing neuropsychological assesment as part of a neurosurgery team.
  Worked in the Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica (Havana, Cuba) after being awarded an international rotation grant due to outstanding work in clinical practice during the MSc programme, performing neuropsychological assessment of language problems and recovery after stroke, and a rotation in 8 clinics of this Centre.
  Founded the clinical neuropsychology practice in Anahuac Mayab's Teaching Hospital (Yucatan, Mexico), which implied designing a service model, implementing it in hospital operation, compiling a library of neuropsychological tests for assessments, preparing and supervising interns and undergraduate practicioners.
  Established a private practice of neuropsychological assessment in Yucatan and Mexico City.
    """

# TO DO FIX LINK IN TEACHING
+++
