content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Tirso RJ Gonzalez Alam

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of York
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include hemispheric differences, semantic cognition, fMRI, machine learning and DTI.

interests:
- Semantic Cognition
- Hemispheric Differences
- fMRI (resting-state and task-based)

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging (United Kingdom)
    institution: University of Yorkk
    year: 2020
  - course: MSc in Clinical Neuropsychology
    institution: Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico (Mexico City)
    
  - course: Internship in Clinical Neuropsychology
    institution: Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica (Havana, Cuba)
    

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:trga500@york.ac.uk  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/tirsorjgonzalez
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wX11AbntPtUC&hl=en
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/TirsoRJGonzalez
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4510-2441
- icon: osf
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://osf.io/5k7zb/
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: trga500@york.ac.uk

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a cognitive neuroscientist who works with and is deeply interested in language and semantics. I got my PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging from the University of York (January 2020), and my MSc from the National Autonomous University of Mexico in Clinical Neuropsychology. I have worked as a neuroscience research fellow, associate lecturer and clinical neuropsychologist in three countries over the last 10 years. I am interested in understanding the neural bases of hemispheric differences in language and semantics. My research is mainly focussed on fMRI (both task-based and resting-state), using cognitive paradigms and large-scale cognitive decoding. 

Born in [Merida (Yucatan, Mexico)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%A9rida,_Yucat%C3%A1n), I received my undegraduate degree in Psychology by [Universidad Anahuac](https://www.anahuac.mx/), and went on to do an integrated MSc, combining a medical internship with masters studies in Neuropsychology at [Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico](https://www.unam.mx/). After developing an interest in language neuroscience, I was awarded an international rotation grant as a result of outstanding clinical work during my internship to [Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica](http://www.ciren.cu/) in Havana, Cuba. 

Having returned to Mexico after the international rotation and receiving my MSc degree, I got offered a research fellowship at my Alma Mater, the school of Psychology of Universidad Anahuac Mayab. There, I started the Cognitive and Clinical Neuropsychology Research Group, where my research focussed on hemispheric differences in language processing, measured mainly through behavioural methods such as [dichotic listening](http://dichoticlistening.com/dichotic-listening.html), [semantic priming](https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/psychology/semantic-priming) and [divided visual fields](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16754238). During this post I accepted a lectureship in the school of Psychology, where I mainly thaught psychology of language, research methods, experimental psychology, neuropsychology, neuroanatomy and statistics.

After my last project in the research fellowship, my interests shifted specifically to the neural bases of semantics; this led me to pursue a PhD on the subject, which I recently graduated (Viva date: January 27, 2020). Under the supervision of Professors [Beth Jefferies](https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/academicstaff/ej514/) and [Jonny Smallwood](https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/academicstaff/jonathan_smallwood/) in the Departemnt of Psychology of University of York, and York Neuroimaging Centre, I worked on hemispheric differences in semantic cognition using fMRI as my main neuroimaging tool. My PhD thesis investigated differences in intrinsic connectivity of key regions of the semantic cognition network, and their behavioural consequences, using a combination of resting-state and task-based fMRI, large-scale cortical network interactions, individual differences approaches, automated meta-analytical techniques and cognitive decoding. The results of the PhD work, both for my thesis and in collaborations with the broader research group can be consulted in my recent [publications](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wX11AbntPtUC&hl=en)

Currently, my research interests include furthering our understanding on how we control retrieval of aspects of a concept that are relevant for a given context: especially looking at the role of posterior middle temporal gyrus, which previous research has implicated in controlling semantic retrieval. This is an interesting area for two reasons: (i) it falls outside of what normally is considered a 'control' area, like the MDN/FPN, and (ii) in my publications during the PhD, it seemed to be one of the most left-lateralised areas. It would be interesting to probe differences in connectivity between left and right pMTG and their overlap with different large-scale cortical networks, and see whether those differences elucidate left pMTG's involvement and mechanics in semantic control. I would also like to explore the organisation of semantic space in left and right anterior temporal lobes, which previous research has identified as critical regions for the storage of semantic representations: are these regions' differential involvement in visual and verbal, or social vs non-social semantic processing explainable in terms of their differential patterns of connectivity across hemispheres? Which organising principles in semantic features correlate better to the response of these regions during the presentation of the stimuli? Lastly, I would like to expanding the results of my PhD in the following fashion:

* Using DTI to corroborate the differences in connectivity found, since I worked mostly with intrinsic connectivity.
* Using MVPA or RSA to probe for potential differences in semantic representations in ATL based on differential connectivity across the hemispheres
* Expand the individual differences results in semantic processing working with expert populations on "online" semantic control

In general, I would be keen on promoting open science, replicability and data-sharing best practices with my future work, pushing for greater integration and replicability of results across labs in the world. I would like to do further work with fMRI and expand to MEG to probe the temporal resolution of semantic processing.

{{% staticref "files/cv.pdf" %}}Download my CV{{% /staticref %}} or email me at [trga500@york.ac.uk](mailto:trga500@york.ac.uk)

Commit message:

added free time and hobbies

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Tirso RJ Gonzalez Alam

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of York
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include hemispheric differences, semantic cognition, fMRI, machine learning and DTI.

interests:
- Semantic Cognition
- Hemispheric Differences
- fMRI (resting-state and task-based)

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging (United Kingdom)
    institution: University of Yorkk
    year: 2020
  - course: MSc in Clinical Neuropsychology
    institution: Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico (Mexico City)
    
  - course: Internship in Clinical Neuropsychology
    institution: Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica (Havana, Cuba)
    

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:trga500@york.ac.uk  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/tirsorjgonzalez
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wX11AbntPtUC&hl=en
#- icon: github
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://github.com/TirsoRJGonzalez
- icon: orcid
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4510-2441
- icon: osf
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://osf.io/5k7zb/
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: trga500@york.ac.uk

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a cognitive neuroscientist who works with and is deeply interested in language and semantics. I got my PhD in Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging from the University of York (January 2020), and my MSc from the National Autonomous University of Mexico in Clinical Neuropsychology. I have worked as a neuroscience research fellow, associate lecturer and clinical neuropsychologist in three countries over the last 10 years. I am interested in understanding the neural bases of hemispheric differences in language and semantics. My research is mainly focussed on fMRI (both task-based and resting-state), using cognitive paradigms and large-scale cognitive decoding. 

Born in [Merida (Yucatan, Mexico)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C3%A9rida,_Yucat%C3%A1n), I received my undegraduate degree in Psychology by [Universidad Anahuac](https://www.anahuac.mx/), and went on to do an integrated MSc, combining a medical internship with masters studies in Neuropsychology at [Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico](https://www.unam.mx/). After developing an interest in language neuroscience, I was awarded an international rotation grant as a result of outstanding clinical work during my internship to [Centro Internacional de Restauracion Neurologica](http://www.ciren.cu/) in Havana, Cuba. 

Having returned to Mexico after the international rotation and receiving my MSc degree, I got offered a research fellowship at my Alma Mater, the school of Psychology of Universidad Anahuac Mayab. There, I started the Cognitive and Clinical Neuropsychology Research Group, where my research focussed on hemispheric differences in language processing, measured mainly through behavioural methods such as [dichotic listening](http://dichoticlistening.com/dichotic-listening.html), [semantic priming](https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/psychology/semantic-priming) and [divided visual fields](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16754238). During this post I accepted a lectureship in the school of Psychology, where I mainly thaught psychology of language, research methods, experimental psychology, neuropsychology, neuroanatomy and statistics.

After my last project in the research fellowship, my interests shifted specifically to the neural bases of semantics; this led me to pursue a PhD on the subject, which I recently graduated (Viva date: January 27, 2020). Under the supervision of Professors [Beth Jefferies](https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/academicstaff/ej514/) and [Jonny Smallwood](https://www.york.ac.uk/psychology/staff/academicstaff/jonathan_smallwood/) in the Departemnt of Psychology of University of York, and York Neuroimaging Centre, I worked on hemispheric differences in semantic cognition using fMRI as my main neuroimaging tool. My PhD thesis investigated differences in intrinsic connectivity of key regions of the semantic cognition network, and their behavioural consequences, using a combination of resting-state and task-based fMRI, large-scale cortical network interactions, individual differences approaches, automated meta-analytical techniques and cognitive decoding. The results of the PhD work, both for my thesis and in collaborations with the broader research group can be consulted in my recent [publications](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wX11AbntPtUC&hl=en)

Currently, my research interests include furthering our understanding on how we control retrieval of aspects of a concept that are relevant for a given context: especially looking at the role of posterior middle temporal gyrus, which previous research has implicated in controlling semantic retrieval. This is an interesting area for two reasons: (i) it falls outside of what normally is considered a 'control' area, like the MDN/FPN, and (ii) in my publications during the PhD, it seemed to be one of the most left-lateralised areas. It would be interesting to probe differences in connectivity between left and right pMTG and their overlap with different large-scale cortical networks, and see whether those differences elucidate left pMTG's involvement and mechanics in semantic control. I would also like to explore the organisation of semantic space in left and right anterior temporal lobes, which previous research has identified as critical regions for the storage of semantic representations: are these regions' differential involvement in visual and verbal, or social vs non-social semantic processing explainable in terms of their differential patterns of connectivity across hemispheres? Which organising principles in semantic features correlate better to the response of these regions during the presentation of the stimuli? Lastly, I would like to expanding the results of my PhD in the following fashion:

* Using DTI to corroborate the differences in connectivity found, since I worked mostly with intrinsic connectivity.
* Using MVPA or RSA to probe for potential differences in semantic representations in ATL based on differential connectivity across the hemispheres
* Expand the individual differences results in semantic processing working with expert populations on "online" semantic control

In general, I would be keen on promoting open science, replicability and data-sharing best practices with my future work, pushing for greater integration and replicability of results across labs in the world. I would like to do further work with fMRI and expand to MEG to probe the temporal resolution of semantic processing.

On my free time, I like to learn/improve on programming languages, work in visual arts projects ([VJing](https://liveperformersmeeting.net/editions/2018-rome/artists/ccs/), glitch art, algorithmic art and [film criticism [in Spanish]](https://en.yelp.be/biz/la-esquina-del-goya-m%C3%A9rida)), reading, listening to podcasts and playing videogames (find me on Blizzard [tarantirso#1468], Steam [441497605], Xbox [tarantirso] or MTG Arena [tarantirso#98874] for a match, usually at night).

{{% staticref "files/cv.pdf" %}}Download my CV{{% /staticref %}} or email me at [trga500@york.ac.uk](mailto:trga500@york.ac.uk)
